README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A modern, responsive personal portfolio website built with HTML, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript. This project showcases a developer's skills, experience, and projects in an elegant and interactive way.

## Features

- Responsive design that works on all devices
- Interactive skill bars with animations
- Project showcase with dynamic project cards
- Modern UI with smooth animations and transitions
- Contact information section
- Experience and education timeline
- Interactive project addition modal

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- Tailwind CSS (via CDN)
- JavaScript (Vanilla)
- Font Awesome Icons
- GitHub Pages (for hosting)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A GitHub account
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Git installed on your local machine

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-website.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd portfolio-website
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website locally.

### Customization

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`:
   - Change the name, title, and contact information
   - Modify the skills and their percentages
   - Update the experience and education sections
   - Add your own projects

2. Customize the styling:
   - The website uses Tailwind CSS, so you can modify classes directly in the HTML
   - Custom CSS is included in the `<style>` tag in the head section

### Hosting on GitHub Pages

1. Create a new repository on GitHub

2. Push your code to the repository:
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-website.git
git push -u origin main
```

3. Go to your repository settings on GitHub

4. Scroll down to the "GitHub Pages" section

5. Under "Source", select "main" branch

6. Click "Save"

7. Your website will be available at `https://yourusername.github.io/portfolio-website`

## Project Structure

```
portfolio-website/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── LICENSE.txt         # License information
└── README.md          # This file
```

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this project and customize it for your own use. Please refer to the LICENSE.txt file for usage terms.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.txt file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Tailwind CSS for the utility-first CSS framework
- Font Awesome for the icons
- GitHub Pages for hosting

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect project ownership and enhance installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A modern, responsive personal portfolio website built with HTML, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript. This project showcases a developer's skills, experience, and projects in an elegant and interactive way.

## Features

- Responsive design that works on all devices
- Interactive skill bars with animations
- Project showcase with dynamic project cards
- Modern UI with smooth animations and transitions
- Contact information section
- Experience and education timeline
- Interactive project addition modal

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- Tailwind CSS (via CDN)
- JavaScript (Vanilla)
- Font Awesome Icons
- GitHub Pages (for hosting)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A GitHub account
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Git installed on your local machine

### Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
3. Build the CSS:
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

## Development

To watch for CSS changes during development:
```
npm run watch
```

## Production

For production, make sure to build the CSS file:
```
npm run build
```

This will generate the optimized CSS file in the `dist` directory that is linked in the HTML.

### Customization

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`:
   - Change the name, title, and contact information
   - Modify the skills and their percentages
   - Update the experience and education sections
   - Add your own projects

2. Customize the styling:
   - The website uses Tailwind CSS, so you can modify classes directly in the HTML
   - Custom CSS is included in the `<style>` tag in the head section

### Hosting on GitHub Pages

1. Create a new repository on GitHub

2. Push your code to the repository:
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-website.git
git push -u origin main
```

3. Go to your repository settings on GitHub

4. Scroll down to the "GitHub Pages" section

5. Under "Source", select "main" branch

6. Click "Save"

7. Your website will be available at `https://yourusername.github.io/portfolio-website`

## Project Structure

```
portfolio-website/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── LICENSE.txt         # License information
└── README.md          # This file
```

## Contributing

Feel free to fork this project and customize it for your own use. Please refer to the LICENSE.txt file for usage terms.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.txt file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Tailwind CSS for the utility-first CSS framework
- Font Awesome for the icons
- GitHub Pages for hosting
